Cleanup (#427)
kiali/kiali.io: README.md

# Kiali.io

[![title="Netlify Status"](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/05b3eed1-6ea2-41a1-8b64-c76bda241be6/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/kiali/deploys)

This repository contains the source code for the [http://kiali.io](http://kiali.io) website.

The website is written using markdown, the [Docsy](https://www.docsy.dev/) theme, and generated using [Hugo](https://gohugo.io). It is hosted on Github and deployed using netlify.

## Requirements

To run the website locally, you will need:

* [Podman](https://podman.io) or [Docker](https://docker.io)
* https://www.gnu.org/software/make/[GNU Make]

Generally `podman` is easier to setup.

## Configuring and Running

Hugo has a command to run a small, self-contained web server locally, so you can test the website without having to upload/deploy it anywhere. The server supports live-reload, so changes to the content will reflect into the browser as they happen.

To run the server, you need to run the following on a terminal:

```
make serve
```

{{% alert title="Docker" color="warning" %}}
If you are using docker, you need to set `DORP` when starting the server, as such:
```
make -e DORP=docker make serve
```

> {{% alert %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: 
> If you are using Docker, you need to set `DORP` when starting the server; e.g:
> ```
> make -e DORP=docker make serve
> ```
```

> {{% alert title="Podman" color="warning" %}}
> If you are using podman, you need to set `CONTAINER_RUNTIME` when starting the server, as such:
> ```
> CONTAINER_RUNTIME=podman make serve
> ```
> {{% /alert %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% alert title="Docker" color="warning" %}}
If you are using docker, you need to set `DORP` when starting the server, as such:
\```
make -e DORP=docker make serve
\```
{{% /alert %}}
```

Reviewer: Ignore the backslashes in my suggestion above - I can't get github to show the diff if I use triple-ticks - it sees it as the end of the suggestion when it really is part of the change.
